The number of drones you can fly simultaneously::1
The maximum height you can fly AGL or above a taller building within a 400-foot radius::400 ft
Fastest you can fly.::100 MPH/87 Knots
The lightest drone that must be registered.::>= 0.55 lbs. 
Heaviest legal drone.::< 55 lbs. 
Maximum blood alcohol level.::0.04. 
The time that must pass since you have had alcohol.::8 hours. 
The maximum time you can take to file an FAA accident report.::10 days. 
The time you have to notify the FAA if you move.::30 days. 
The lead time required when requesting an FAA waiver.::90 days. 
Time that must pass after a final narcotics conviction.::1 year. 
The youngest person who can register a drone.::13 years old. 
How long this certification is good for.::24 months. 
The twilight time before sunrise or after sunset when you can still fly.::30 minutes. 
The distance your anti-collision lights must be visible from when flying during twilight. Also the minimum visibility you must have while flying.::3 statute miles. 
Minimum number of feet below a cloud you must fly.::500 feet. 
Minimum number of feet horizontally from a cloud you must fly.::2000 feet. 
The repair cost of accident damage that requires you to report an accident to the FAA::$500. 
The “serious injury” AIS level that requires you to file an accident report.::Level 3. 
The MULTICOM frequency for self-announce procedures.::122.9
The distance you should operate from a tower to avoid hitting guy wires.::2000 feet. 
Occurs when the wing exceeds its critical angle of attack.::Stalls. 
Supposed to be defined in the Pilot’s Operating Handbook or UAS Flight Manual but those don’t exist for drones.::Center of Gravity (CG) Limits. 
Determines when the craft stalls. This doesn’t change if the vehicle weight changes.::Angle of attack. 
Increases during any maneuver.::Load Factor. 
This is the answer to any question about who is responsible.::Remote PIC. 
Aircraft always turn __ when circling a runway::because drivers sit on the left side of the car in the US and pilots sit on the left of the plane  too. It’s easier for them to look out the left window to see the tower.::Left. 
You’re supposed to have one::even though most drones can’t be user-repaired and don’t provide a schedule.::Maintenance schedule. 
Helps to prevent an accident chain.::Risk Management. 
Attitude - Taking risks to impress others::Machismo. 
Attitude - Doing something without thinking about it.::Impulsivity. 
Attitude - Thinking accidents won’t happen to you.::Invulnerability. 
Attitude - What’s the use? They don’t control their destiny.::Resignation. 
Attitude - Nobody can tell me what to do.::Anti-authority. 
how you manage your “crew” and you should integrate it into all phases of the operation.::Crew Resource Management (CRM). 
how you should scan for traffic–let your eyes rest in different areas for a while rather than continuously scanning::Systematically focus on different segments of the sky for short intervals.
North-South::Latitude
East-West::Longitude
Report that contains the weather forecast.::Standard briefing. 
Standard briefing contains...::the weather forecast.

for pilots to talk to each other when there’s no tower::CTAF
base station that broadcasts to pilots when there’s no tower::UNICOM
used as the CTAF when there’s no CTAF (122.9 or 122.95)::MULTICOM
Temperature inversion::Warm air on top of cold air. Fog, haze, low clouds, poor visibility, but smooth air.
Moist air...::unstable air. Turbulence (because the air is unstable), showery precipitation.
Smooth air, poor visibility, and steady (not showery) precipitation.::Stable air
Intermittent precipitation air type.::Unstable air.
Stable air::Cool + Dry 
Unstable air::Hot + Humid
Just means “high altitude”. Air is thinner, so lift is decreased.::High density altitude
Means a rain cloud.::Nimbus

18004KT::Wind is 180 degrees at 4 knots.
OVC007::Sky is overcast at 700 feet (#s are 'hundreds')
1 1/2SM::Visibility is 1 1⁄2 statute miles (SM).

Airport runway circle::hard surface 1,500 - 8,069 ft
Airport runway rectangle::hard surface > 8,069 ft
Airport runway rectangle dot::approximate VOR, VOR-DME, or VORTAX location
AWOS::Automated Surface Weather Observing System
Weather radio::AWOS
FSS::Flight Service Station
ATIS::Automatic Terminal Information Service
UNICOM::Aeronoutical kadvisory station
Machismo::Taking risks to impress others
Impulsivity::Doing something without thinking about it.
Invulnerability::Thinking accidents won’t happen to you.
Resignation::What’s the use? They don’t control their destiny.
Anti-authority::Nobody can tell me what to do.

CTAF::(Common Traffic Advisory Frequency) is marked with a C.
AWOS::is for the weather.
Red flags::mark VFR checkpoints which mean more planes might be there.
Tick marks::Measure minutes between lat/lon degrees. Each tick is one minute. Bigger ticks mark 5 minutes.
Charts include measurements in::AGL, not MSL.

Class A airspace::18,000 - 60,000 feet, all over the US.
Class B airspace::major airports, 0 - 10,000 feet. Upside-down wedding cake.
Class C airspace::control tower, radar, and over a specific amount of traffic. 5 NM radius from 0-4,000 feet, 10 NM radius from 1,200-4,000 feet.
Class D airspace::control tower. 0-2,500 feet, no specific radius, shaped around flight patterns. Outside control tower hours, Class D airspace is Class G.
Class E airspace::1,200 to 18,000 feet.
Class G airspace::Uncontrolled airspace (below class E).

Probihibited areas::P-### Camp David, White House
Restricted Areas::R-### not prohibited, perhaps dangerous
Warning Area::W-### domestic and international waters from NM out, ok to fly
MOA::Military Operating Area, often with R-### areas
Alert Area::A-### high volume pilot training or unusual areal activity e.g. skydiving
Chart 41/12::4100 ft, 1200 ft.  100s above feet MSL.  SFC = surface
Map P-###::prohibited area e.g. Camp David, White House
Map R-###::restricted area
Map W-###::warning area, domestic and international waters from NM out, ok to fly
Map A-###::alert - high volume pilot training or unusual areal activity e.g. skydiving

MTR::Military Training Routes
TFR::Temporary Flight Restrictions
TRSA::Terminal Radar Service Areas
NSA::National Security Areas
VFR::Visual Flight Rules (VFR) routes.
ATC::Air Traffic Control
NSA::National Airspace System
High Density Altitude Conditions::high elevation, high air temp, high humidity

